Why did grandpa suddenly make a will?
My aunt is back from America
I have been with the old man these days
It must have been his idea to make another will
Why did he come back suddenly?
He already knows you're crippled
Dongfang Run's return this time is obviously for you
So brother, you must be mentally prepared
Embrace a fierce battle
Nothing to prepare for.
Anyway, he didn't like me growing up
used to it
Doctor, how is my grandfather's illness?
Your deposit is very serious.
Anyway.
Please save my grandfather
We will make a password.
You have been biased towards my brother since you were a child
My brother is not there, and you prefer to ride Xuanxuan
I kind of figured it out.
You are patriarchal.
Treat me and Runer as outsiders
In my heart
You're all the same.
Then Xuanxuan returned to your will
Married a wife like that
Now you treat Rui Ao so much
You still don't want to cut the will
And give him the oil ornament
How can we be the same in your heart?
I want to wait for him to come and ask in person
Ah!
Grandpa, you are also a concubine who protects your wife
But the wife you're looking for
It's really not suitable for us to be the mistress of the house
Grandpa wants you to divorce him immediately